error.endafterstart=The end date must be later than the start date

reason.firstyear=Your business doesn't have to report in its first year of operations. You should check at the beginning of your second financial year to see if you have to report.
reason.company.notlargeenough=Your business isn’t large enough to have to report. You should check at the beginning of every financial year to see if this has changed.
reason.group.notlargeenough=Your group isn’t large enough to have to report. You should check at the beginning of every financial year to see if this has changed.

question.iscompanyorllp=Is your business a company or Limited Liability Partnership incorporated in the UK?
question.financialyear=Which financial year is your business currently in?
choice.first=First Year
choice.second=Second Year
choice.third=Third year or later

question.hassubsidiaries=Does your company have subsidiaries?

hint.company=If your business is part of a group, your answers must be for your business on its own. Every business within the group will need to do this individually
question.company.turnover.y2=Did your business have a turnover of more than £36 million on its last balance sheet date?
question.company.balance.y2=Did your business have a balance sheet total greater than £18 million at its last financial year end?
question.company.employees.y2=Did your business have an average of at least 250 employees during its last financial year?

question.company.turnover.y3=Did your business have a turnover of more than £36 million on its last 2 balance sheet dates?
question.company.balance.y3=Did your business have a balance sheet total greater than £18 million at its last 2 financial year ends?
question.company.employees.y3=Did your business have an average of at least 250 employees during its last 2 financial years?

hint.subsidiaries='Net' here means after any set-offs and other adjustments to exclude group transactions. 'Gross' means without those set-offs and adjustments.
question.subsidiaries.turnover.y2=Did you and your subsidiaries have an total turnover of at least £36 million net or £43.2 million gross on the last balance sheet date?
question.subsidiaries.balance.y2=Did you and your subsidiaries have a combined balance sheet total of £18 million net or £21.6 million gross on the last balance sheet date?
question.subsidiaries.employees.y2=Did the you and your subsidiaries have a combined workforce of at least 250 on the last balance sheet date?

question.subsidiaries.turnover.y3=Did you and your subsidiaries have an total turnover of at least £36 million net or £43.2 million gross on both of the last 2 balance sheet dates?
question.subsidiaries.balance.y3=Did you and your subsidiaries have a combined balance sheet total of £18 million net or £21.6 million gross on both of the last 2 balance sheet dates?
question.subsidiaries.employees.y3=Did the you and your subsidiaries have a combined workforce of at least 250 on both of the last 2 balance sheet dates?

